[P]art of the huge problem with the Siemens system [is that] those names are really unhelpful. The maddening thing is, these acronyms and point names differ from building to building for the same thing.  E.g. air handling units are abbreviated "AH#" in some, "AHU#" in others. I can shed light on most of them, but not all.  The main point for you guys to consider is that if you can define the problem you're trying to suss out, we probably have enough points (in the more modern buildings) to assemble an equation / script that will find it.Some of these points are set points (what we want the equipment to do) and others are measured points (what the equipment is actually doing).  So throughout the operation of the equipment there's a balance between us creating certain set points according to room or building use (e.g. in winter, setpoints are cooler at night and warmer during the day) and then the system adjusting to achieve those points. The point names usually indicate the type of equipment first (VAV = variable air volume box, AH = air handling unit) then the number on that unit, then the aspect of that equipment that is being measured.  That aspect can be a physical characteristic like damper position, or a characteristic of the air or water flowing through the equipment (like air temp, air flow in feet per second or air volume in cubic feet per minute or CFM)VAV = variable air volume boxesA "variable air volume" box is the piece of equipment that takes in air from the whole building air handling unit does the final heating or cooling adjustment before the air enters a room.  Each VAV serves one or a group of rooms, depending on their size.   CLGMAX / CLGMIN - I believe this is a set point,  the max/min temps at which the cooling side of the VAV box operatesAIR VOLUME - measured point, this the amount of air flowing through the VAV in cfm - cubic feet per minuteCLG FLOW MAX / MIN - set point, the maximum or minimum set point for airflow in cooling mode, this is in feet per secondDMPR POS - measured point, damper position, this adjusts to achieve the correct air volumeFLOW - measured point, the actual amount of air coming out in feet per secondFLOW STPT - set point, the amount of flow we desire to have coming out in feet per section HEAT.COOL - I think this is just an index point which says whether the VAV is in cooling or heating modeROOM TEMP - measured point, the actual room temperatureVLV1 POS - measured point, how open (in % usually) is the heating valveVLV2 POS- measured point, how open (in % usually) is the cooling valveAH = air handling unitFor the air handling units (AH1, AH2, etc.), I only know some of these and will have to check with the maintenance staff or log into the system to figure them out (I can do that Monday, when I'm back on the network). The more modern air handling units (e.g. LDC) have lots of points.  Most of them are set points or measured points on various airflows to and from the unit, outside air, supply air (to the building), return air (coming back from the building), mixed air (combination of return air and fresh, outside air that cycles back into the building), exhaust air (the used air that gets thrown out):CCV - not sure, v might be "volume"?DSP - not sure, dewpoint set point maybe?DSSP - not sure, some setpoint (SP)ECN - economizer mode, when the unit is switched into this mode, it takes in more air from outside.  This happens when the air is at a perfect temp and humidity (dewpoint) that it doesn't need additional heating or cooling in the unit, usually spring / fall. ERR - possibly energy recovery FBD - not sureHCV - heating coil valve positionHFBS - not sureHSP - heating set pointLP1- not sure, p might mean pressure.LP2 - LPO - MAD - mixed air damper positionMAM - mixed air (something?)MAS - mixed air setpointMAT - mixed air temperatureMAX.DMPR.COMD - maximum damper command positionMOAD - m? outside air damperMOD -OACFM - outside air cubic feet per minuteOAT - outside air temperatureOCC - occupied or unoccupied modeRADPT - radiator set pointRAH - return air (h?)RAT - return air temperatureRDPS - rd might be radiator and ps might be position, but I'll checkRFN - return fan something?RFNVFD - return fan variable frequency drive, a VFD ramps the fan up or down depending on whether the building needs air, saving energy by easing off during unoccupied modes (rather than only have the option of on vs. off)SAS - supply air setpointSAT - supply air temperature, measuredSFN - supply fan something?SFNVFD - supply fan variable frequency drive, same concept as RFNVFD - usually measured in hertz since the amount of power to the VFD indicates whether the fan is ramped up or ramped downSMK - not sure...SP1 - supply air pressure sensorSSP - supply set point?T01 - not sure, these might be various temp measurementsT04T05WCF - not sure...EF = exhaust fansEF1, EF10, EF2, EF3, EF4, EF8. EF9, EF10, EF12 - on / off indicator for exhaust fans by numberEF12SW, EF8SS - not sure what "SW" or "SS" are...I'll checkCHW = chilled waterCHW.RT - chilled water return tempCHW.ST - chilled water supply tempCHW.DLY - chilled water delay, not sure what this is...CHW.MTD - not sureHX# = heat exchangerThis piece of equipment allows the exhaust air or water to pass by the incoming air or water so it can preheat the new air or water with its leftover heat before existing the building. These are water-to-water heat exchangers. HX1.HWCS - not sure, hot water somethingHX1.HWCV - not sureHX1.HWDP - hot water differential pressure (difference between incoming and outgoing air or water pressure in the system)HX1.HWPLPHX1.HWRP - hot water return pressureHX1.HWRT - hot water return tempHX1.HWSP - hot water supply pressureHX1.HWST - hot water supply tempHX1.PP1 - pump #1 on/off statusHX1.PP1VFD - pump #1 variable frequency drive operation (usually in hertz to say how ramped up or down the pump is)HX1.PP2 - pump #2 on/off statusHX1.PP2VFD - pump #2 variable frequency drive operation in hertzHX1.VLV1 - heat exchanger 1, valve 1 position (usually expressed in terms of % open)HX1.VLV2 - heat exchanger 1, valve 2 positionHX3.HWRT - hot water return tempHX3.HWSSP - hot water supply setpointHX3.HWST - measured, hot water supply tempHX3.HWTSP - set point, hot water temperature setpointHX3.P3O - not sureHX3.PP3 - pump 3 on/off indicatorHX3.PP4 - pump 4 on / off indicatorHX3.TNKTMP - measured, heat exchanger tank temperatureHX3.VLV1 - heat exchanger #3 valve 1 positionHX3.VLV2 - heat exchanger #3 valve 2 positionRAD = radiatorsRAD001:DI 2 - not sureRAD001:DI 3 - not sureRAD001:FAN - on / off status of the fan?RAD001:HEAT.COOL - radiation in heating vs. cooling modeRAD001:RM STPT DIAL - room setpoint based on the position of the dial on the radiator (user controlled)RAD001:ROOM TEMP - measured point, room temperatureRAD001:VLV 1 COMD - set point, commanded valve position RAD001:VLV 1 POS - measured point, actual valve positionRAD001:VLV 2 COMD - same for valve 2RAD001:VLV 2 POS - same for valve 2 (one is heating coil, one valve is cooling coil)RAD002: - all of these are the same points for Radiator section #2